In the last lecture we configured firebase and enabled authentication Lets now allow the user to sign
up for this off service where we already have to sign up user method.
I will import everything as firebase from firebase again just like in the app component and therefore
with the SDK I will now call off which is a method which will give us access to all the office related
methods.
So chained to this return or to the result of this method call we can call create user with email and
password which I guess is a pretty descriptive method and tells you what it does here.
We need to pass an email and password and this will do just that will create a new user with email and
password.
Now this is a promise so you can listen to the response in the then block but I'm only interested in
any potential errors which I don't want to print to the console so I will use that as 6 arrow function
here and simply log any errors we might get so that we as a developer can see what's going wrong.
Of course you could improve things and implement some proper error handling where you display some error
or to the user.
So if there's And she surfs still running.
We're almost there.
However we need to call Sign-Up user whenever we click the sign up button in our component.
Well nothing easier than that.
We get the on site Meffert we get our office service.
All we need to do is provide the service.
I'll do this in the app module.
So all services providers here and now and the sign up component where we have to on sign up Meffert
I will inject my of service like this.
Make sure to add to import at the top of course just like you had to import it in a module as a side
note.
So does import here should be added to and now and set up component in on sign up with the off service
inject that we can centrally or simply reach out to add to the OR SERVICE sign up user pass our email
and password.
And I'd say let's hit the submit button and see what happens in the application when it is reloads let's
fill out these data with some test data like that hit submit and I don't see anything which probably
is a good sign because we only catch errors if we have a look at the of education tab here and refresh
it you indeed see a new user was created so that is working.
Now one thing to note though firebase requires you to have a password which is at least six characters
long.
So if I tried to enter a four digit password I get back an error which correctly says the password should
be at least six characters.
So of course feel free to add some validation to the form to enforce a minimum length of six characters.
You can check out the form section that's caused to learn more about the built in validators which might
be helpful regarding this important piece for me or is that validation is working if we can create new
users.
Next let's add the sign in page and allow users to sign in once they were created.